Context propagation documentation (#9554)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/contextPropagation/reactorContextPropagation.adoc

> Since Micronaut Framework version 4 Reactor integration no longer captures the state automatically, previous implementation required for all of the reactive operators to be instrumented to capture the current state for it to be propagated. That was adding an unwanted overhead and required us to maintain complicated Reactor operators instrumentation. New implementations requires for the propagated context to be extended manually. New version of the Reactor allows to achieve the same thread-local propagation by including the Micrometer Context Propagation dependency.

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand this sentence: 

> New version of the Reactor allows to achieve the same thread-local propagation by including the Micrometer Context Propagation dependency.

Same thread-local propagation as in Micronaut Framework 3?

Author: Yes, in a similar way. It was added in the last major version of Reactor, and it requires Micrometer Context Propagation dependency

> Since Micronaut Framework version 4 Reactor integration no longer captures the state automatically, previous implementation required for all of the reactive operators to be instrumented to capture the current state for it to be propagated. That was adding an unwanted overhead and required us to maintain complicated Reactor operators instrumentation. New implementations requires for the propagated context to be extended manually. New version of the Reactor allows to achieve the same thread-local propagation by including the Micrometer Context Propagation dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Micronaut Framework version 4, https://projectreactor.io[Project Reactor] integration no longer captures the state automatically. Micronaut Framework users need to extend the propagation context manually.

Before version 4, Micronaut Framework required the instrumentation of every reactive operator to capture the current state to propagate it. It added an unwanted overhead and forced us to maintain complicated Reactor operators' instrumentation.

Since 3.5.0, Reactor-Core embeds support for the `io.micrometer:context-propagation` SPI. This allows to achieve the same thread-local propagation by including the  https://micrometer.io/docs/contextPropagation[Micrometer Context Propagation] dependency.
```

> The Micronaut's `PropagatedContext` will be automatically added to the Reactors context for the interceptors and the HTTP filters. It's possible to use the utility class api:core.async.propagation.ReactorPropagation[] to access it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The framework automatically adds the `PropagatedContext` to Project Reactor's context for interceptors and the HTTP filters. You can access it via the utility class api:core.async.propagation.ReactorPropagation[].
```

NOTE: api:core.async.propagation.ReactorPropagation[] is an experimental class and might change in the future.

> It is possible to use https://micrometer.io/docs/contextPropagation[Micrometer Context Propagation] that Reactor supports for propagation and the restoring of the thread-local context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use https://micrometer.io/docs/contextPropagation[Micrometer Context Propagation], which Reactor supports for propagation and restoring the thread-local context.
```

To enable it, include the dependency:

> dependency:io.micrometer:context-propagation[gradleScope="implementation"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

dependency:context-propagation[groupId="io.micrometer",scope="compile"]
```

> After that all the thread-local propagated elements will be able to restore it's thread local value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, all the thread-local propagated elements can restore their thread-local value.
```

> NOTE: The thread-local values are read-only. To modify the value, the `PropagatedContext` instance needs to be changed and put into the Reactor's context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The thread-local values are read-only. To modify them, the `PropagatedContext` instance needs to be changed and put into the Reactor's context.
```

> If you have Micrometer Context Propagation on the classpath, but don't want to use it, apply following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Micrometer Context Propagation on the classpath but don't want to use it, apply the following configuration:
```

.Disable Micrometer Context Propagation in Reactor

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[configuration]
```

----
reactor:

>     enableAutomaticContextPropagation: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    enable-automatic-context-propagation: false
```
